In this exercise, you are asked to create
a DynamoDB table and then transform that table into a global table.
You can see here we've created a DynamoDB table with has some basic details, table name.
Then we set up our primary partition key.
Then we have also enabled streaming on the table,
which is a requirement for global tables.
We move down to our Global Table's tab.
We can see that we now have the option to add a region to our table.
We add the region by selecting whichever region where we'd like to replicate to.
AWS tells us that that region is ready and available,
and we create a replica.
Once this finishes, we'll have a global table that is
writable in multiple regions, and there we go.